Now, that you understand JUnit, and mocks,
and stubbing more clearly,
let's look into a few good practices.
So here are the best practices.
The first thing that we kept discussing through the tutorial was readability.
By readability, I mean,
readability of the test case or the test method.
The second one that I would like you to focus is on real logic-failure tests.
There is no point in writing a lot of tests that don't do anything.
A lot of people or developers are
seen to write a lot of tests that don't really mean much.
A lot of times, they test,
they end up writing tests for framework's functionalities,
and that is not required because frameworks like spring and
others that are developed are thoroughly tested already.
So you should try to completely remove the framework or
configuration part from the actual test which is the functionality of your tests.
One of the great things that you could do is write unit tests
for one code at a time and avoid unnecessary assertions.
You should always keep them independent and not have
one test rely on another or have very much dependency on each other.
Another thing that you should do is,
you should mock out all external services and states because that helps you
reduce the amount of time it takes for test to
run and still test the functionality of your code.
Like I had already mentioned,
don't unit-test configuration settings
because they're not really required most of the time.
But if they are required,
make sure that you add them.